= Diary =

Fri Aug  9 01:17:35 PM EDT 2024

Okay, I did some work since Tuesday I promise.
I worked on lists and dictionaries the past three days.
Wednesday I started lists, Thursday I did some list projects, and today I did almost all of dictionaries.
It went smoother than I thought, maybe that's because actually practicing is smoothing out my skills or something.
Nothing is more annoying than getting dumb errors like printing the wrong data type or something stupid like that.
But in reference to printing things, that is where a lot of errors I have come to play, so this most recent program of mine dealing with a fantasy adventure inventory didn't even print anything at first.
I just ran the program to update values and then used the command line to print what I wanted, which was actually super nice (I also did this with making a chess board, my own version of the project they recommended).
So, yeah, it's going pretty well.
I mean I'm still not done "week" one, so I gotta pick it up or just tame my expectations.
Overall, I'm happy with the process, it's fun.
I'm hoping soon we'll work with actual data.

Tue Aug  6 11:01:04 AM EDT 2024

Just did a decent amount of learning.
Most of it is still review, but I did learn about the 'None' data type and exception handling.
I wrote the "collatz" program which was actually kinda fun.
It was a good finish for the chapters 1-3 review in the ~Automate~ book.
Still using the "Mu" program too which is weird but I'm hoping the book will get into telling us how to use the system a little more; maybe when files are involved?
