= Goal =
I've played Dead Space twice now.
Once in the 2008 version and then I played the remake last year.
I like it so much I think it's worth trying to get a platnium trophy for, so that's what I'm doing.
I'll try and drop the trophy list and organization here soon.

Update:
I've finished it thrice now as of 1/1/2025.
Still working on the Plat.

= [[DSTrophies|Trophies]] =

= Diary =

Thu Jan  2 03:05:18 PM EST 2025

I just started New Game + after finishing my last New Game + (so, new game ++?).
I only have some weapon kill trophies left in addition to the "Impossible" mode difficulty.
I've decided to complete the clean-up trophies for the weapon's stuff (also, "Maxed out") since I need the power nodes from all the playthroughs and I have all the guns unlocked already.
I'm hoping this will be a short few hours and then I can get started on the impossible mode.
So, future Devan, Just run these last few trophies for the 30 kill for each gun (I already finished the plasma cutter obviously and the Pulse-rifle in the first playthrough) and continue collecting nodes to max everything out on the bench.
THEN, you can play impossible difficulty.
Currently running the flamethrower and the ripper.

Wed Jan  1 09:40:12 PM EST 2025

Today, I finished Chapter 12 and got the three trophies.
I think I'm going to quickly run the next new game + so that I can get some easy trophies and then complete my finally "impossible" run.

Mon Dec 30 10:23:52 PM EST 2024

I all but finished the goals for this playthough.
I only popped one trophy "Built to Order" but that one took a lot of exploring a back-tracking.
I went all over the ship to get some things and finally went to a bench to install all the upgrades.
One trophy I considered doing right then was "Maxed out" which required my to fully upgrade all weapons and the suit.
It requires 186 power nodes and I had 113 at the time.
73 power nodes was too much to get even with my ~180,00 credits, so I just left it for the clean-up playthrough where I just kill 30 enemies with all the different guns and hopefully have most of the nodes I need left.
When I return, all I need to do is complete the game to pop "Reunion", "*Something* Contractor", and "One Gun".
After I finish the game, I can play on Impossible mode and that will be the hardest trophy.

Mon Dec 16 11:53:17 PM EST 2024

I've made a lot of progress since the last update.
I'm currently on chapter 10, but not many trophies have come my way believe it or not.
A lot of them require the game's completetion for the most part.
I did two big one's today and that was the "final regeneration" with the upgraded stasis and the "merchant" one.
There's some more to do, but it's really fun.
I died a lot today for some reason, but it was mostly in the Valor when I was facing against the fast ones.
I've got some more to do and a lot of back-tracking, but I'm actually having fun.

Wed Nov  6 12:27:37 PM EST 2024

I played yesterday.
I just finished chapter 2 and I had to go back since I missed one of the Markers for the Reunion (I think) trophy.
But, it was pretty easy overall, just story about Nicole and stuff.
I did notice, if you backtrack, they'll give you new Necromorphs to fight - not a lot, but still interesting.
