= Fallout New Vegas =

== Goals: ==
* [X] Meet "white bird" or something
* [X] Enter New Vegas
* [X] Complete Zion DLC
* [o] increase Guns, Medical, and Sneak proportionally
* [ ] Joshua's history with Caesar after completion of game
* [ ] Talk to Benny
* [ ] Get Whiskey Rose Companion

== Diary: ==

Sun Sep  1 12:43:38 PM EDT 2024

Okay, this update is from almost a week ago, but...
I remember openeing up the game to the DLC being complete, so I had a locker with a bunch of my items I got from the DLC in front of me.
I had to organize all the items and decide what I am and am not taking back and then transfer it all to my home.
What ended up happening instead was that I just decided to go to New Vegas since I had more than 80 science and could get in for free.
I did that and talked to "Mr. House" where he procured me to get the (something) chip for him from the checkered suit guy.
He told me it was important, so I'm contemplating how I'm going to do that.
Meanwhile, he gave me a suite in the casino he resides in and I started transfering all the stuff I have to there.
I don't think I finished it, so I have to go back and make another run or two.
In fact, I might be able to go back into the DLC and get some stuff I left behind.
I need to start talking to Benny (I think that's his name) and I also want to get my companion back, Whiskey Rose.

Mon Jul  8 06:57:54 PM EDT 2024

Just finished the DLC of Zion.
I wasn't expecting it to end so abruptly to be honest.
I thought I had more time to do a few more things.
I'm not too upset.
I'm sure I can find the stuff online or maybe do another playthrough.
Either way, I'm happy to be back on track to completing the actual game now.

Sun Jul  7 03:18:55 PM EDT 2024

Met white bird - that was a trippy quest killing some flame monster.
Talked to Joshua Graham about his past, there was probably a lot more there than what I took in.
I should research it after I complete the game.
Then I talked to Daniel and he's ready for my decision to fight or flee.
I saved the game and quit.
Next time, I'll complete the DLC and probably have them fight.

Fri Jul  5 08:15:05 AM EDT 2024

First time trying this.
I just found a "wonderer's" area (1/6) so maybe i'll like to find them all?
Then I killed a bunch of white legs in the Zion region and disarmed their traps.
My companion - I forget her name - is trying to convince me to stay... weird, I don't know what that will mean for future dialoge.
But now I'm about to talk to some white bird person.
I leveled up twice to 16 also and got the "Nerd Rage" perk which should be nice when overencumbered since I almost always keep health low anyway.
