= Goblin Slayer =

== Diary ==

Wed Jul 17 05:59:24 PM EDT 2024

Just finished goblin slayer season 2.
They started in the city and had some adventures of gay stuff.
Priestest got her stuff stolen by the princess and she got captured by goblins.
Afterwards, they went after the princess and killed a upper-demon hand.
Then, Goblin Slayer went home.
It was pretty good, but not the best end to a season ever.
Goblin Slayer just went home after that and it looked like they tried to close the show... sad.

Tue Jul 16 07:59:49 PM EDT 2024

They went to kill the Goblins in the fortress near the elf homeland and flushed them allk out with water.
They then attended the wedding with the biggest tease for which girl caught the bouquet.
The next episode they killed a water serpent and started escorting Sword Maiden to a city where goblin attacks have happened.
Priestest is getting jealous of all the attention Goblin Slayer is getting.

Sun Jul 14 08:12:14 PM EDT 2024

Goblin Slayer was training a bunch of newbies and then Goblins attacked them.
The newbies learned that it's hard to kill goblins and that the Priestest is actually knowledgeable.
Most of them were saved and then the next episode started the marriage arc.
The whole gang is on their way to the High Elf's sister's wedding and obviously run across goblins.
They decide to hunt after the goblins before the wedding.

Sun Jul 14 04:44:05 PM EDT 2024

Goblin Slayer season two starts off pretty annoying.
There is this new kid who's the sister of the first wizard the priestest went on a mission with who died.
He thinks he's the shit and is proven wrong a million times, but he doesn't learn.
Priestest is trying to rank up, but she has to lead a little more so they're trying to team up with others.
Goblin Slayer looks way better in this animation style, but the other characters lost some details (except their boobs).

Sat Jul 13 12:53:38 PM EDT 2024

We watched some Goblin slayer last night and this morning.
They defended the farm from a bunch of goblins and the goblin lord.
Golblin slayer killed the lord while everyone else defended the farm.
Then this morning we watched a goblin slayer movie which was half recap, half new story.
They ventured into the north to destroy a goblin castle/stronghold where other adventurers died, but they saved one girl with a sword.
It was pretty cool.

Thu Jul 11 08:37:45 PM EDT 2024

Golin slayer went into the dungeon, killed the beast protecting the gateway, slayed some goblins and then got a little gay.
Found out that sword maiden knew about the goblins but was too scared to go after her old rapists.
Then went home after the long adventure.
I guess the Demon king is dead, so they all celbrated.
Had dinner and drinks and cow girl loved on him at the end, plus sword maiden wrot him a letter.
Then he woke up the next morning to find goblin tracks.

Thu Jul 11 07:52:05 PM EDT 2024

I'm watching goblin slayer now and it's getting good.
After sword maiden hired them to fight in the cave Goblin slayer finally woke up after almost dying from fighting the champion goblin.
So obviously he woke up next to the sword maiden and the prietest.
It was the power of virginity that saved him.
After going on a date with the priesstes getting ice cream he ventured back into the dungeon to save the city for sword maiden.
