= Devan's Wiki =

- Projects
	* Kitchen
	* ADU
- [[Hobbies]]
	* Games
	* Anime
	* Computer stuff
- Work
- Self Improvement
	* Mental
	* Physical
	* Relationships
	* Organization
- Errands
	* [[To-Do]]
		* Learn how to add manual links to vimwiki
- Wants
	* Short-Term
	* Long-Term

== Actual VimWiki/Diary Notes ==

Soon, I should organize this wiki actually.

Things I've learned:

Diary:
* <Leader> w i 		- Goes to Diary
* <Leader> w <Leader> y - Goes to YESTERDAY'S daily entry
* <Leader> w <Leader> i - Updates Diary to include daily entries
* <Leader> w <Leader> m - Note for tomorrow
* <Leader> w <Leader> t - Goes to TOMORROW'S daily entry
* <Leader> w <Leader> w - Goes to TODAY'S daily entry
* <C-<up-arrow>		- Previous day
* <C-<down-arrow>	- Next day

Checkboxes:
* <C-Space> 		- toggle a checkbox
* gnt			- Find next checkbox
* gl<Space>		- Delete checkbox
* gL<Space>		- Delete checkbox and all sibling checkboxes
* gln			- Increase doneness of checkbox
* glp			- Decrease doneness of checkbox

== Anime Diary ==

Moved to better area

=== Vinland Saga ===

Moved

=== Frieren ===

Sun Jul  7 05:57:03 PM EDT 2024

They just completed the labrynth for the second trial to become a first class mage.
Badass fight scenes.
Fitz said he'd probably like the show and I agree.
I have two episodes left and I'm ready to watch them and see how they finally finish the exams.

Sun Jul  7 06:53:32 PM EDT 2024

Just finished Frieren for now. 
It was really good.
Lot's of life lessons in there I hop not to forget.
Mostly, it's about the small things, and not to have a tear-ful goodbye when you know you'll see them again.
Cool.


=== Solo Leveling ===

Tue Jul  9 06:26:27 PM EDT 2024

Just updating this now (again), but it was pretty good.
Mostly just the main character doing his job change quest.
It was difficult and fun to watch the boss fight.
Super cool power of necromancy in the season finally.
We'll see where that takes him in the next season.

Mon Jul  8 05:56:08 AM EDT 2024

Just updating this now, but last night I wached some solo-leveling to catch up with where I was at.
I rewatched some episodes.
He killed that one executive that was blood thirsty through his dungeons and now has a target on his back since it was a S-rank's brother.
Then he tricked some buisiness into buying their C-rank dungeons.
Yeah nothing crazy, just getting the work in to become A-rank.

Vinland Saga

Wed Jul 10 06:06:03 AM EDT 2024

I resumed this last night.
It's starting to get good with the king and everything.
Now it'll be a political war and stuff since they were trying to kill the prince actually.
Thorfin was a side character for the most part here.
Anime seems so real when you're high.

=== Goblin Slayer ===

Pasted into proper link

== Game Diary ==


=== Fallout New Vegas ===
Goals:
* [X] Meet "white bird" or something
* [ ] Enter New Vegas
* [X] Complete Zion DLC
* [o] increase Guns, Medical, and Sneak proportionally
* [ ] Joshua's history with Caesar after completion of game

Fri Jul  5 08:15:05 AM EDT 2024

First time trying this.
I just found a "wonderer's" area (1/6) so maybe i'll like to find them all?
Then I killed a bunch of white legs in the Zion region and disarmed their traps.
My companion - I forget her name - is trying to convince me to stay... weird, I don't know what that will mean for future dialoge.
But now I'm about to talk to some white bird person.
I leveled up twice to 16 also and got the "Nerd Rage" perk which should be nice when overencumbered since I almost always keep health low anyway.

Sun Jul  7 03:18:55 PM EDT 2024

Met white bird - that was a trippy quest killing some flame monster.
Talked to Joshua Graham about his past, there was probably a lot more there than what I took in.
I should research it after I complete the game.
Then I talked to Daniel and he's ready for my decision to fight or flee.
I saved the game and quit.
Next time, I'll complete the DLC and probably have them fight.

Mon Jul  8 06:57:54 PM EDT 2024

Just finished the DLC of Zion.
I wasn't expecting it to end so abruptly to be honest.
I thought I had more time to do a few more things.
I'm not too upset.
I'm sure I can find the stuff online or maybe do another playthrough.
Either way, I'm happy to be back on track to completing the actual game now.

=== Doom (2016) ===
Goals:
* [ ] Upgrade the most aggresive options

Fri Jul  5 09:33:18 AM EDT 2024

Just started Doom. I love the badass feel of the game.
Just running and gunning.
So, I just fixed the relay and have a status report on the mars base and now I have to stop a meltdown. 
I plan on making all my upgrades to whatever can kill more stuff rather than health or radar.
This will be a fun playthrough.


Sat Jul  6 03:22:40 PM EDT 2024

I like it and get bored of it for the same reason, it's just a simple game about killing demons.
I just saved the mars base from a meltdown and destroyed all the "Filters" that convert the demon energy to clean energy.
Now I need to kill the scientst cult leader for trying to open the portals.

== Testing == 

* [ ] Learn vimwiki
* Tasks 
* More tasks
* Hmm this one gave me an asterisks
	- Bullet list level 2?
		* HMM?
1. numbered item
2. continued
	a) nice
	b) nicer
- jfdjsaf
- jfkdsal;
- Something
- Here too
- hmm it's fixedd.....
- okay
- I got the leader key fixed
- interesting
* [ ] Task?
* [ ] maybe

interesting that some of these are different colors in the new color scheme...

- fjdksa

