= Diary =

Fri Jan  3 09:35:04 AM EST 2025

I read a little last night, just where we're introduced to the new character who has all the make-up on and crazy hair at first.
But, after a crying and puking fit, she comes back from the nurse way more pretty and aproachable.
(I feel like the manga sent a bad message here - not on purpose - but, it seems like everyone likes her more now that she doesn't speak totally weird and that she's prettier... idk).
The next part was in introduction to Komi's brother who "doesn't NEED to communicate", but Tandaro's sister breaks him down when they are placed in the same highschool class.
Really funny.

Thu Dec 19 10:47:32 PM EST 2024

I finished volume 9 today.
It had me laughing out loud with a few tears here and there.
There were two new characters - the one who is nice but gets stressed easily and the one who helps everyone with everything.
Komi and Tadano had a nice interaction with "white day" at Komi's house and it was funny with the dad.
There was also a short in there about how Komi's parents met.
The next volume is the last of the show, so it might have new stuff in it!

Mon Dec 16 11:57:18 PM EST 2024

I read a lot on the trip to California.
I also tried to watch some of the show at the same time - it's really fun to see the small differences in the manga versus the anime.
That's mostly because there are so little, the adaptation is so faithful that the big differences are the music and voice actors.
I think in one of the recent volumes, they introduced the character that is full of himself and there's another guy with him that I think is supposed to be the narrator as a character, but if I recall the show correctly, the narrator and the side-character are different voices so that's the biggest difference I can see so far.
Otherwise, I really like the manga and I'm having a lot of fun and can't wait to get to the new stuff.

Tue Dec  3 02:57:45 PM EST 2024

I'm flying though this mostly because I know what happens for now and it's super funny and easy to read.
I just was introduced to the anime loving girl who sets up fantasy worlds in her head.
Anyway I just finished the second Volume yesterday and now I'm starting the third.

Mon Dec  2 10:34:02 AM EST 2024

I finished the first volume last night and started the second this morning.
We got into that stalker girl who kidnapped Tadano, which was a funny scene.
Then Komi said she decides who her friends are.
Later Komi said that Tadano maybe shouldn't be her friend since he keeps getting caught up in these things, but he said he decides who his friends are.
Pretty fun to read, so I'll continue later.
I'm excited to see the sick scene and how the manga does it.

Sun Dec  1 02:11:15 PM EST 2024

I just started reading this last night.
I like it a lot because I watched the netflix anime a while back and it's basically just a frame-for-frame adaptaion of the manga.
I always enjoyed the show, so I'm excited to learn more after I get past the anime point in the manga.
But, anyway, we just got Komi's third friend Agari (or something) after Komi stalked her in the library and she said something about being Komi's dog.
But there was also the scene where Komi tried to be friends with the one who is childhood friends with everyone and they didn't like Komi because she thought Komi was ignoring her.
But then a missunderstanding cleared that all up (haha).
But I really enjoy the monga because I can focus on the details unlike the anime that moved from scene to scene so fast.
...Like the chalkboard scene where Komi and the MC wrote on it, there was so much to read between the two, but the anime just skipped past it.
Anyway, this is also a fun one to read.
