= Diary =

Tue Dec 17 12:00:54 AM EST 2024

I know I finished the sixth volume so far.
Very good, but, it's been a while so I have nothing specific to update unfortunately.
However the information I know to add here is that the show is technically behind where I am in the manga.
So, I could watch the show now and know everything that should happen.
I'm interested to see how that goes since this almost never happens where I know from books how the show/movie will be.

Wed Nov  6 02:54:35 PM EST 2024

I just finished the fourth volume.
It was pretty good and focued on the middle school camera girl a lot since she wanted to cosplay but didn't want to upset her sister who was the "pro".
She cosplayed as a dude, so there were fun scenes where they had to deal with that in secret for the reveal.
It always feels a little weird knowing their age, but the artist most defintely draws those scenes a certain way.
Am I a pedophile? I don't think so.
Young is disgusting, but the drawing looks like a full grown adult and acts like it too.
Oh my god, am I a pedophile?
Hopefully this entry stays hidden away, that's embarassing.
I think I'm very normal, but I really wish the stories I liked so much had the characters ages as they are animated.
Kinda ridiculous if you ask me.
Anyway, back to the story.
I liked it and it was the first volume to get an emotional reaction out of me where that girl got to finally cosplay since she wanted to this whole time.
And everyone liked it, so I was happy.

Wed Nov  6 12:36:34 PM EST 2024

I guess I haven't been as up-to-date with this than I thought.
I finished the third volume recently, but I took a break - I think for TJ's wedding stuff over the weekend.
But, it's still a good read.
The MC met the famous cosplyer and obviously the romantic interest (RI) adores her.
This was all after they finshed her first cosplay.
Anyway, they agreed to do a meetup, but the small famous cosplayer girl isn't too happy about it.
Then her sister is younger, but gives off Wiz vibes from Konosuba where she's there and adds to the conversation, but is mostly oblivious and has big boobs.
They scoped out a place to do the cosplay and the photography sister is there with the three of them.
Obviously, RI is starting to get feelings for the MC.
I got to read some more today, so that means opening up the fourth volume.

Sat Oct 26 07:35:38 PM EDT 2024

I just finished the first volume today and it was really fun.
I like how flustered the MC gets and how much the girl shows him and flirts with him.
Classic "she likes him immediately even though it doesn't make sense" but I love it.
I like how Manga is in my head too since I can make the scenes go how I want.
Anyway, they started making her cosplay and now they're friends and I'm assuming they will play around with the liking each other and fumbling around for a while before anything happens.
But maybe I should read a manga like Horimiya where they get together early.
Anyway, I know this isn't a real diary, but since this is my first Manga I'm writing my feelings and I have Marissa suggesting things for me haha.
