= Diary =

Wed Jan  1 09:41:27 PM EST 2025

I played some today and got further in the story.
I can tell that etiher this a really good story keeping just the right amount of information from the audience, hidden behind "guns, fighting, violence".
And soon something crazy is going to happen...
Or it really is just "guns, fighting, and violence" and there's not much to read into.
Either way, the gameplay makes me feel badass which is always a good thing from a game like this.
A few weapons were introduced to me like a "melta" shotgun-thing and a plasma pistol.
Still finding what I like.
But the chainsword is my favorite to play with even if it's a little harder than everything else.

Mon Dec 30 10:30:23 PM EST 2024

Yesterday I played about an hour of the game and for 2011, it is really good.
I'm excited to keep playing since I'm learning more and more about the 40k lore and everything, but I have to hold off for a bit.
I want to keep playing, but I should finish some other games first - or maybe just game.
I'm in the middle of *Dead Space* Plat stuff and *Starfield*, so DS should only take a few more hours, then I can play the *Space Marine* game and that will also only be a few hours.
Then, I can get back to *Starfield*.
But, the game is good, I like the story (it's a little generic, but I'm assuming that's what 40k is about) and the controls are clean.
Almost too clean, they made the running very realistic so it feels clunky, but it's really just user error.
The control scheme will take some getting used to, but it works.
Overall, good shoot-em-up game.
I'm excited to get more into the story after *Dead Space*.
