= Spy x Family =

== Diary: ==

Mon Sep  2 02:19:58 PM EDT 2024

This is also a later entry that I forgot to do yesterday when I was catching up.
I watched twice - once, with Collin; once, alone.
With Collin, we were in my bed just chilling when I was hurting I think a weeks ago.
I don't think much happened before the Cruise arc where basically, Yor wasa assigned to protect a Mother, child, and assistant posing as the husband as they escaped the country.
Meanwhile, Anya and Loid got cruise tickets on the same cruise - Anya wanted to have fun with the family, Yor wanted to do her job, and Loid was told to be a father and relax.
Essentially, the assassination attempts kept the story going as Anya and Loid did thei own thing and mostly stayed out of the way.
I finished he arc without Collin where essentially Loid got trapped into a bomb diffusing part of the assassination attempts, Yor fought a million assassins, and Anya kinda helped by givin Yor her knife back after it fell away.
After the Mother, child, and man made it safetly out of the country and all the assassins and bombs were taken care of, the family had a fun day at the location the cruise was going to.
I talked to Collin about the show, and I realized that it's a terrible plot, but it's super entertaining to watch the character interactions where secrecy is super important and the fight scenes are good too.
I want to see more of the friend of Loid.
We got a filler arc where he saved a cat of a woman he fancied with Yor's help (after ironically telling Loid about a group of assassins, like Yor), but I need more of him and the dog, Bond.
