= Vinland Saga =

Sun Jul 28 06:26:22 PM EDT 2024

Just started season two.
It started off showing a new character for the first episode.
He is a little hot headed like Thorfinn and lost his family and farm before becoming a slave where Thorfinn now works.
It showed the work they have to do and the hierarchy of the slaves and the farm-hands.
The new guy, I forget his name, has a chip on his shoulder and Thorfinn has all but given up.
The master's son was told to kill a slave as a right-of-passage to become a man, so they aimed at Thorfinn and new-guy.
Thorfinn gave himself up and then a new character, the boss of the warriors defending the farm, stopped them.
I'm excited to see what growth comes from Thorfinn and the new guy this season and what values of life are shown.

Mon Jul 15 08:26:34 PM EDT 2024

Finished Season one.
It ended pretty good, where Askaladd saved Wales and the Prince by sacrificing himself.
I started watching today with Thorfinn trying to kill him again, but his anger kept him from doing it.
Askaladd told his back story about his mother going crazy and him trying to kill his father, but he befriended him and the brothers to do so.
Thorfinn was blinded by rage with no plan, but Askaladd, who apparently was the rightful heir to the throne, waited patiently.
Thorfinn's "uncle" tried to take him back to Iceland to find Vinland, and told him stories of not giving up against the sea.
But, Thorfinn saw Askaladd as he died and they both wondered what Thorfinn will do now that he's dead - Thorfinn has the potential to be a true warrior.

Fri Jul 12 11:19:50 AM EDT 2024

Askallad just killed his friend.
They're in the middle of plotting against the King in York.
Thorfinn just saw an old aquaintance and it was obvious that Thorfinn changed a lot.
There was also a staged assassination attempt against the prince.

Wed Jul 10 08:33:52 PM EDT 2024

Started this and got two episodes in with Aaron and Marissa.
Pretty good, parasyte vibes so far.
I'm interested to see how it goes.
Basically the MC got Kaiju powers and is about to take a placement exam for the "defense force".
We'll see the complications of keeping his secret.

Wed Jul 10 03:57:09 PM EDT 2024

I could have sworn I updated this earlier.
I watched some Vinland Saga yesterday and an episode today.
It's pretty good with the Prince becoming a badass and everything.
The story let Thorfin take backseat with Askallad and the prince and everyone.
Really interesting that the army is all but gone too.
It's just Thorfin, Askallad, the prince, and Thorkell now.
Really liking the dynamics the King poses on the prince and everything too, trying to kill him.
