= Lore =

Thu Jan  2 01:48:58 PM EST 2025

Last night I saw a video on the worst jobs in the imperium.
Lots of stuff that you were just born into, and almost all of them had to do with supporting the war effort.

= Painting =

Thu Jan  2 01:49:56 PM EST 2025

Just the other day I finished painting the Space Marines from the orginal *Battle for Maccrage* in 2004 that I bought when I was young.
I had 3 1/2 painted UltraMarines and the one I painted a brushed grey.
The other day, I had Sam paint one (he went with a bronze).
I painted at the same time after going to the shop and getting colors for the Blood Angels.
I finished the remaining 4 a couple days later after dad got me the handle that helps get better angles on the figures.

= Playing =

Fri Jan  3 09:29:44 AM EST 2025

So, update from last night.
I got the the store and saw four other people in the back ready to play and one was also a newbie.
I got the autistic introductions from everyone and eventually was paired up with Kerry - a very put-together man who also really liked the game.
He was very informative and soft-spoken and I had a great time listening to him explain everything.
It was fun using my old minatures as "Scout Squad" proxies and people were actually super happy to see the old models.
Some people even asked if I had the old set-pieces for the scenary (the broken ship from the old box).
Super cool people and experience.
I had a pretty good time, and I'm assuming that I'd like it more if I didn't have to ask Kerry about every move I made.
After we played our match and I was introduced to a lot of the people, I left about 3 and a half hours later.
I told Kerry it might be a while before I return, but I definitely want to go back to *Gamer-Corps*.

Thu Jan  2 01:52:55 PM EST 2025

Later today, I plan to go the the *Gamer-Corps* shop in Ellicott City and learn how to play *Kill Team* with the 11 miscellaneous Space Marines I have.
