Wed Jul 31 06:17:01 AM EDT 2024

Okay, just updating what I can today.
There's a decent amount since I went to the hospital yesterday and the last update I had (still not incorporated) was right before the hospital.
Anyway, I met with Dr. Winer yesterday and he said there was basically one of two paths we're about to take.
After the bone marrow biopsy, we'll see if there is disease in the bone marrow or not.
If there IS disease there, I would undergo CAR-T cell therapy.
That would involve them taking some T-cell and modifying them to put back in me over the course of a month, I'd probabaly get "bridging" therapy (just waiting for the cell).
Then they put give me some chemo, put the cells in me and watch me for inflamation and stuff over the next few weeks.
Then mostly likely another bone marrow transplant.
If there ISN'T disease, I would be given Inotuzimeb (sp?) which get's bulk disease.
It would act almost like a lymphoma that we would have to treat once a week or so.
If it's the harder option, I'm going to MD right away, and if it's the easier option, I'm going to stick it out a bit longer.
Both plans have some unknowns, but I'm going to do my best to work on both options at the same time.
That means preping my resume, doing this historical data project, finishing the house, and mending all my relationships.
So after Dr. Winer, Collin came and we saw Dr. Kelkar where he pretty much reiterated what Winer said and Collin could hear it essentially.
Then Collin and I caught up a bit in the food court waiting for my procedures.
He showed me his Magic cards he recently got and told me what's going on with him right now and this cool hockey app.
I shared my current thoughts about my project (currently python skills), CAT, moving to MD, my man-purse and headphones and RetroPocket.
All fun stuff, I'm glad he's up, I love that little guy.
Then I did my procedure.
Yikes.
Not fun, but I got it done with some Ativan, that stuff really does make me nauseous, but it helped for the time I needed it.
After that Hannah forced me to come up and see her, which I was going to do, but she was pushing fluids on me.
Needless to say from her and Mary Gerard, I drank a TON of water last night.
It definetly helped today, but yesterday I was feeling it.
On our way home Fitz wanted IKKO so we got that.
I got some Udon noodles and it was really good and took some home.
They threw on "Ghost stories" the anime and I passed out before it even started.
Woke up, had the rest of my leftovers, talked to Fitz real fast, brought Collin up, and went to bed.
Here I am, allowed to telework again.
I'm going to try and organize my voice notes I think and then do some Python reading.
I also have a haircut and tutoring session today, but I can spend some time beforehand with Collin.
