
Mon Sep  2 02:08:02 PM EDT 2024

I'm off today for Labor Day and I'm thinking about calling in tomorrow and telling my hours since I haven't reported anything recently.
I'm doing a little white lie here since I'm not logged in, but the VPN isn't working... either way my conscience is eating at me.
Anyway, yesterday we had the party for Mom and it was decently fun until I lost my social battery about an hour in.
I talked to everyone after they arrived and had some food, and I'm glad I did it, but Mackenzie kept annoying me in my room when I was trying to escape and Collin and Abby made their way up too.
After everyone left, Collin and I started sleeving all of our cards and then they left for the casino.
I talked to Mom and Dad a little about how conversation with family is just hard for me right now.
I feel like it's all scripted NPC talk.
It's not that I don't love them, but I rarely get anything new from the family and there isn't really interesting dialouge - just updates with their life and mine.
I just have to go around the room saying how I'm not feeling the best and cancer's back and stuff.
I hear what's going on in their life and nothing is really new there either.
The best conversation I got was from Zack telling me about his new baby, but he probably is tired of telling his story a lot too, so he probably felt how I do when I talk about my stuff.
I heard that Brandon might not be coming back to MD or DC for a little longer and I talked to Gpop about his cancer journey too.
Anyway, it's a long winded way of saying that I love these people, but it's just hard to wrap my 29 year old head around what conversations in the future are going to be like if I'm tired of them now.
In general, I think I started hating talking.
I don't know what that's about.
Anyway, I had an edible last night, ate way too much leftover pizza and fell asleep.
Oh, and lst night before that, mom and dad played the Coup game with me and I think they actually liked it since we played like 10-15 rounds.
This morning, Collin and I finished sleeving our cards and now we're looking for ways to organize them, like boxes or something.
We're currently thinking that we'll go to Eldersburg where there's a card shop and buy the boxes and then Collin has some friends that want to play commander down there, so we'll do the card-shop before that.
So that's the current plan, Eldersburg soon for a card-shop and commander.
It'll be my first time playing multi-person commander, so this could be fun or really not fun - we'll see.
Anyway, before that, Dad assigned us some Beumont tasts, so we'll do that before anything.
I gotta move a rug or something.
Anyway, talk soon.
