
Sun Aug  4 05:23:10 PM EDT 2024

Last update I remember was through my voice on Otter.io Friday afternoon after I left work when I packed my things.
Real quick recap, I brought donuts to an empty office, said goodbye to some people and tried to leave it kinda open that I would come back.
One thing I'm sure I didn't talk about in my voice memo was that Nate said he was excited to shoot with me again, so I need to make sure that happens.
Anyway, after that, I hung out with Collin the rest of the day.
We played some Baulder's Gate and watched some Delicious in Dungeon before Fitz came home and we thought to go to Little Lebenon and watch Deadpool and Wolverine.
After some youtube, we left to get our Swarma wraps with lamb.
Fitz also got us falafal bites with Tahini sauce and we all got our own drink.
I got the worst; I got a date flavored malt and it was so thick and 165 calories, I didn't even finish it.
But after that we went to get some Coldstone outside of the movie theater because we were super early.
I got a banana ice cream with oreo mixed in.
It was good, but not enought where I'd get it again.
Then we finished the ice cream in the movies and then went in to get a seat with my $6.60 water.
Another half-hour of ads later, we finally watched the movie.
It was about 70% references to other things, but it was extremely funny and fun to watch.
I thought the story was decent and had some redeming qualities for the wolverine death escape and what not.
Then, we got back, watched an episode or two of JJK (also, I think we watched the first 5 episodes the night before - Thursday night).
So, Collin got to see the Mecha fight with Mahito and Mechamaru.
I fell asleep so Collin told me to go upstairs and he didn't sleep with me since he was feeling sick.
Woke up, spent a bit on Elden Ring to finally beat the first boss who's name escapes me, and then I went further into the stormveil castle, where I called it quits to start packing.
I packed all my stuff and had Collin help bring it out to the truck for me.
Said my short goodbye to Fitz since he said he'll visit me soon if I don't see him and we were off.
Quick stop to get gas, then after the Tappen Zee bridge, we got Burger King in New Jersey.
The whole time we snacked on carrots that Collin cut up and veggie straws and there was hurricate winds and rain.
It was terrible.
Finally my headache got the best of me and I asked Collin to drive the last hour and a half.
We got home, had some salad, and caught up with Mom and Dad.
Shortly afterwards, we went to bed and then continued our plan to go to Ellicot city.
Before that Dad and I talked about plans for the basement where he heeded my idea about the kitchen being in the front where the door is and the storage being toward the back closer to the stairs.
We decided to get a butcher block for my desk and Collin to use for gaming, then we went to the city for brunch and a walk.
I got Caprese sandwich and mom got a bagel with veggies and tea; Dad got a cappachino and we all got peach and blueberry scones.
When we got back, it was shortly afterwards that Sam visited.
We hung out, caught up, I got to hear about his coup at work.
We talked aobut the future a little and how uncertain it is and then some AI stuff and we also went to Walmart to deal with his possible thrush.
He was complaining the whole time we were eating snacks about his mouth - I kinda feel bad.
I also got some mouthwash while I was there to pick up me and my dad's medications.
Finally, he left to got study since ChatGPT wasn't a good quizzer for his regulations test he has coming up.
Now, I'm about to go to the store with mom to pick up some Salmon for dinner since this is what I said I wanted at breakfast this morning (or last night, I forget).
