Mon Dec 30 09:47:48 PM EST 2024

It's the end of Christmas celebrations and we have New Years to celebrate tomorrow.
The Christmas eve party was fun, but I was struggling with my stomach the whole time, so after we got home I remember being in bed for a bit before doing presents with the siblings and then going into the hot tub.
After that, I'm pretty sure we all went to bed.
25th
The next day was Christmas and we started opening presents.
Pete came in during that and halted everything, so I took a shower since the water was cold last night after the hot tub and I still had chlorine on me.
Sam and Meredith came over at that point and we exchanged presents before eating breakfast.
They gave my mushroom gummies for focus and a disposable camera (nice).
Jesse and his wife Amber showed up (dad wasn't happy) and we talked about his dad's guns and the DnD sweater he was wearing.
Everyone left and we finsihed opening presents.
I got a smoker, dyson vacuum, painting brushes for 40k, some acrylic paint (which won't work for what I want), a sweatshirt from Mackenzie, some nice pants and shirts, a card game of some sort, and Rheb's.
Very good stuff.
We went to Aunt Kim's shortly after and Collin and I left early into it because Collin was throwing up and my stomach was also feeling terrible.
Abby stayed at Aunt Kim's since she didn't like the idea of my mom driving after drinking which cause very short-term awkwardness.
I was taking care of Collin a lot of the night until everyone got home and then shortly into the sleep, I heard Mackenzie throwing up too, so I helped her as well.
26th
The next morning, Collin woke me up to get Abby from Aunt Kim's, so we got her and went home.
I just dropped them off so I could go to the 40k store for paints and the grocery store for the party I was planning to host with TJ, Chris, Jenny, and Sam and Meredith.
I got the paints after the store guy helped me out.
Got lots of food for the party and then started preping.
I was super tired before everything so I took a nap, but before that I prepared the ham and the potato salad.
We all got together for the party, chatted, did the gift exchange, did some games like left, center, right, and then some quiplash and called it a night.
27th
The next morning, I went over to the Beaumont where Sam and Meredith slept and chilled for a few hours painting my 40k figures for the first time.
It was super theraputic and enjoyable.
I felt super satisfied when I was done.
Everyone though Sam's looked better which made me a little jealous, but I know that my technique for everything was way better - the smoothness of all the textures looked better.
They left in the afternoon and I followed them shortly afterwards to chill at their place.
We saw an open house thing they were "interested" in (it was way over their budget, but still fun to see I guess).
Then we got Qdoba and headed home.
After an edible, we watched *The Dead Don't Die*, which was terrible, then some *Love on the Spectrum*.
28th
The next morning, they prepared to head to Cumberland for Meredith's Christmas stuff, so I left.
They were talking about a party at Courtney's, but I ended up not going since Brandon and Tiffany were having dinner with mom and dad.
That was good, nothing crazy happened except the discussion of how everyone at the Dixon's party had some stomach thing with all the throwing up and all (The only exceptions were me, mom, and Aunt Kristie).
We said goodbye as they were going back to California.
Oh, and early before the dinner, I painted more figures by doing the batch method.
29th
The next day, I started painting and dad gave me one more present which was the handle to paint the figures with more stability and it felt like cheating - it was so cool.
I finished making them battle ready, so there are some mistakes I need to fix and touch up, but they are ready to go for the most part.
I messaged the *Gamer-Corps* discord to see if anyone wanted to help me out, then I played Commander with Collin.
I forget the specifics, but we played a lot of commander that night and stayed up late.
We also started watching *Vivy - Flourite's Eyes Song* and it's pretty good so far.
We got three episodes done and then I started playing *Space Marine 1* before heading to bed.
30th
Finally, today, I woke up, talked to Fitz, ate with Collin, then walked with him as well.
We discussed the new year and a lot of what we wanted was reflection for everyone.
I plan to refect a lot about the spirutual journey that almost took a backseat these past few days as well as what I want in the future.
After the serious stuff we had two long commander games with lots of rule-checking involved.
I got pissed and tried to get over it since I lost both times.
Then we watched some more *Vivy* and ate *Indian Delight*.
Dad was being weird when I played devil's advocate for his truck purchase he plans to do tomorrow, but Collin confirmed afterwards that I had a "tone", so I'm partially to blame I guess...
Then Collin left for Eldersburg for some Super Smash Bros stuff and I started playing Dead Space.
Now, I'm here and I think I did pretty good.

Gratitude:
I'm thankful for my brother and how much we get along.
I know that we both just want to hang out and do lots together, but sometimes we prefer the other make the choice of what to do since we really just want to be together.
It's a little exhausting for both of us, I'm sure, so even though I'd rather be with him right now, I understand the small breaks we have are good.

Forgiveness:
I forgive myself for sparking the instance this evening with Dad.
I could make up a million excuses of why it was all his fault, but I won't and I'll simply say that I was a contributor and I'm sorry.
I'll do better next time with more things to be vigilant of.
