[[To-Do]]:

* [X] Play some Doom and/or Fallout NV
* [ ] Drywall mud the outlet region of the kitchen some more
* [ ] Make sure to journal some of this stuff, since I want this to be a thing.
* [.] Learn some more vimwiki stuff.
* [.] Demo trash and reorganize garage
* [X] Fergie Water pump settlement

Testing a tomorrow note.

Hey, here I am today!

Second Date with Marie from Yesterday:
(Should this be on my yesterday entry? I'll work out the kinks later)
So, I went on a second date with Maire (Mar-ee) and it was good mostly.
We went to the Flag Hill winery and had some good converstaion - a lot of it being about her leaving.
We then listened to some music in my car.
She drove to my place with some wine and we talked for a bit, but I think I messed up once we started kissing.
She talked about leading me astray and stuff like that, but I think she knew what she was doing...
So, it was probably a test and I might have failed, but to be honest, she's leaving.
I'm just glad to have the company.
Might have said some weird stuff because I had a gummy and it was kicking in towards the point when she said she was ready to leave.
Again, whatever.

Okay, I don't really have a plan today, but I want to enjoy the rest of this weekend.

<C-Space> 
	toggle a checkbox
gnt
	Find next checkbox
gl<Space>
	Delete checkbox
gL<Space>
	Delete checkbox and all sibling checkboxes
gln
	Increase doneness of checkbox
glp
	Decrease doneness of checkbox

Thoughts on Diary entries organization:
I think I should be able to edit today and tomorrow's entry only.
Today's entry is for my current thoughts and reflections and tomorrow's is for tasks.
But, I should only be going back to yesterday's to see what I didn't do and transpose it as necessary.

Fergie settlement form:
So, I decided to go a little off the tracks here and complete the settlement form for Fergie's water pump.
I mean it was over $1500, so I'd like at least part of that back.
Luckily, I had all the forms and documentation, but I was a little worried because I can't find much else in documentation for Fergie.
I hope I didn't throw it all out.
Whatever, if I need anything else, it'll proabaly not be worth the effort.
I'll admit all other expensive maintenance was my fault not the car's.
The water pump deal was the only time I had a problem with Fergie to be honest - something that I didn't cause.
Thinking back, she was a really good car.
I liked that A6 and I definitely miss her.
I also like Mako now too though, so at least I'm still happy.
Thanks a lot Fergie, for everything.

So, I got side-tracked again.
While taking the settlement stuff to the mail I remembered that it was Saturday and that the dump was open.
Naturally, I thought about the trash out on the front porch since I was there and looked to start orgaizing that.
Right now I'd say I'm done about 50% of the trash stuff and pretty far from totally organizing the garage again.
I want Fitz's help for the trash tomorrow, so I'll leave the rest for then. I'll go ahead and add Trash to the To-do list.
Also, I got Aggie's for the first time in years and the poop I have later today will totally be worth the black-rasperry shake I had.

Just played some Doom.
It's pretty fun, I like it since I feel so badass in the game, but there's not too much depth to it.
I know that's intentional and that's why I like it, but for some reason I don't feel like going back to it too much.

Watching Frieren.
Super cool.
I'm a little high.
Having a blast.
Thank you.

I watched a bunch of Frieren and it was good.
Fitz came home and we played video games at the same time.
I thought about reorganizing my wiki right about now.
