[[To-Do]]

Wed Jul 10 06:03:37 AM EDT 2024

Quick update.
I finally heard from countertop ~$4200.
About what I expected, so I'll probably take it.
Resumed vinland saga last night.
Using leave today for the dentist, not happy, but trying to rush to use less.

Wed Jul 10 02:59:34 PM EDT 2024

I just got back from work.
I left work early for the dentist only to find that they needed to reschedule my appointment.
I saw an email in my inbox from the 8th and decided to just drop them.
I called another place and they were so much better at handling customers.
Everything seemed to go seemlessly, so we'll see - fingers crossed.
I also got more subway.
I don't know if I'm make out on this deal or not, but I like the sandwiches a lot.
Time to watch more anime before I go over to Aaron and Marissa's for more anime.

Wed Jul 10 08:30:56 PM EDT 2024

Just got back from Aaron and Marissa's.
Fitz didn't come because he was tired.
I gotta make the best of the time we have left still...
Anyway we started another anime because we didn't want to progress without Fitz (and I think they aren't super into it).
Kaiju No. 8.
It's pretty good just like Parasyte.
So, I'll add it to the list.
We mostly talked and ate while I was over there.
I love their company.

Wed Jul 10 09:12:20 PM EDT 2024

I just finished a Leetcode problem.
It didn't do too well, but I'm happy.
I thought I was thinking somewhat out of the box, but I guess not.
It was right in the middle of everything.
Next, I'm going to learn sorting algorithms.
