Wed Dec 18 07:41:38 PM EST 2024

Okay, so since my last entry, I've gone to the grocery store, had dinner and talked about my spiritual journey.
The drive to the grocery store was filled with Fitz calling... (actually, he called as I was finishing my last entry here on the computer and then I drove with him on the speaker phone in the car).
We talked about him hosting Dcat and Haley for some prime rib (jealous).
Then I went into the grocery store and got a bunch of veggies and fruits and a couple of things I want to try, but I didn't go too hard since I usually don't eat all the health food I buy.
But I did buy some nutrient rich foods.
Got home and started cooking dinner - Salmon, tilapia, broccoli, rice, and lentil salad.
Then my book came *The Dhammapada* so we talked about what I was trying to do and experiment with a bunch of different religions.
Dad loves talking about your problems in his perspective and has trouble putting his view aside for actual reflection and advise that would be good for you rather than him.
It's really silly actually - I forgive him.
Anyway, I think he got to the point after talking with him and mom where he understood that it's really all the same through different regiments, so that's why I'm trying them out.
After he understands something, he usually let's it go, which is good!
So, mom is texting her girlfriend about what I want to do by starting with buddihsm and she might help - the one who I did acupuncture with.
But, I left and I'm updating and reflecting here and I'm about to read the book and see how that goes.

Gratitude:
I'm thankful that my parents understand where I'm coming from and support me even though this is a funky way to live life.
They truly love me as I love them.

Forgiveness:
I forgive myself for not logging on to work today.
I had my day and I did my best, and it's okay.
I'm still happy with how it turned out and I can't wait for another day tomorrow.

Wed Dec 18 02:54:09 PM EST 2024

So, I didn't write last night like I was supposed to, but this is me making up for it.
I started yesterday with the daily habit I would like to continue, which is stretching/yoga.
I want to try and practice Buddishm as much as I can for this next month or so and I figured meditation, yoga, mindfulness, compassion, and (coming soon) reading the Buddist book (I fogor name).
Anyway, I started with that, and soon after went down for coffee as usual and then finished reading the remission book.
It was really good and I want to get into the "further readings", but for now, I want to try and focus on the spirituality journey that seems so important to me.
I need ways to get into it because other than the meditation I did a little yesterday, and hte yoga, I feel like I'm not changing my life much here.
I am also eating pretty healthy (except the chips I had at the end of the night and cheese) so I'm feeling good, but again, I want to feel my spirit again like I did in California.
Other than that, I did some coding work, which mostly turned into Vim studying.
I started the program, but it's a python program that sends "Ex commands" through Vim after starting a session.
I learned a little yesterday including how to make that timestamp at the top without an extra space at the beginning (":. !date").
I went for a walk and then immediately got into the truck to get it washed.
I started reading "Zen and the art of mototcycle maintenance" and then Mimi interupted and came upstairs.
I brought her to dad, we went back inside and I hung out until 5ish when Sam, Meredith and I were to meet at TJ and Caroline's to meet Sohpie, their new dog.
She was cute and fun, so we hung out for a bit and then Sam went to his soccor game and I went to the "Gamer Corps" store in Ellicott City and asked about Warhammer.
They said to get on Discord and coordinate with a person there, but they also tried to get me into the "Kill squad" which is only a few minatures - something to consider.
Anyway, I got back and took a gummy and that's why I had the chips.
I woke up this morning to mom and dad running around frantic since the Chevy truck was stolen - and our cash from all of our wallets inside the house.
It was a little disheartening, but nobody was hurt and nothing is broken, so we just moved on for the most part.
I did my stretch and some meditation, took a shower, got dresssed in my new anime shirts (Frieren and Miku).
And I ate mindfully, played a few Miku songs, and did an hour or so of Codecademy for the "Data Science" stuff.
I boiled some lentils and that became a really good salad with cucumbers and red onion and tomatoes.
I read some more *Zen* (<- okay, I like that more than the quotes I've been doing) and decided to journal since I went to bed yesterday on my only second day of trying it daily.
So, here I'm making up for it and I'll try and do it again tonight for the rest of my day.

Gratitude:
I'm thankful for the new oppurtunites of food I'm learning about like the supplements and the methods of cooking lentils.
I even said it early today to myself that I was happy I had skills to make all these things work.

Forgiveness:
I forgive the guy who stole dad's truck - not for stealing the truck, but for disrupting things I'm sure are to come.
