
Sat Sep  7 12:16:17 PM EDT 2024

I don't have much to update, I just played some Fallout last night after getting a little high.
Collin and I were supposed to go to this draft, but plans changed for him to go to a "party" of some sort.
So, I just chilled here.
Before he left, the whole fence thing is still rubbing at me.
I went out there with jeans and crocks since there was fertilizer and I really just found my lack of physical prowess (however you say that) was just a huge blow to my self-esteem.
I don't feel strong in the slightest and it's effecting my mentallity.
I don't think it would be smart to start strength training now because of what's to come, but I feel like I might have a new appreciation for the gym after this bout of cancer.
Anyway, the only thing I was able to help with was on the smart-side of things of how to proceed with the plan.
And, I didn't even like that for some reason, and that goes back to helping dad.
I'm not happy that I don't like helping him.
He deserves my help, but I feel like I'm in the worst position to help him.
I think I have some conflict of being a helpful son he raised me to be and also and independent adult that I want to be.
Seeing Collin help him makes me feel weird, like I want to be useful, but I don't want to and I feel like I can't do the stupid chores he's asking Collin to do.
I'll just have to journal a little more about it I guess.
I don't have many outlets here.
I feel very not heard recently and I don't like talking all too much since I feel like I'm just wasting my breath.
This is where my words matter, they matter to me here and they may matter to someone reading this in the future.
I wish this helps anyone, but especially the people I care about.
The real problem is, my recount as it is right now doesn't show a journey or how I got here or why I feel these things, so I don't expect my notes as they are to help anyone but myself.
What I have to do to change that is hard, but I think I can do it.
