Thu Aug  8 05:49:19 PM EDT 2024

Okay, I need to be better about this.
It really sucks to update days worth of data here.
If I recall correctly, I had the salmon dinner with mom and dad and Collin wasn't here for that, I think he went to Abby's that night.
We watched the first Deadpool and went to bed after that.
Collin came back the next day and we hung out.
I think Monday I got back into the "Automate the boring stuff" book.
Then that night we watched Deadpool 2 after Mackenzie came over.
I made chicken thighs and rice while mom made brussles and zuccini.
The next day Collin and I set up the computer in mackenzie's old room and we started Valorant again.
We had lentil soup for dinner that night with a close call with dad when I wanted to ask he do something small and he hit me with "needing him to do/change so much".
I dropped it fast, but not fast enough.
I want to be like Deadpool and just brush everything off.
We games that night and mom kept coming in to feed me something or another, just to be around me I think.
The next day the whol entourage was here and Mom and Dad were making fun of the household they were leaving for the week to go to Lake Tahoe.
I drove them to the airport and when I got back did some Python work.
Mackenzie vented about Cameron for a bit in the pool while I made steak, broccoli, and baked potatoes.
We gamed the rest of the night, I found myself on AOE 2Definiative edition with Sam and Chris.
This morning, I did some more work with Python, sent some work emails and tutored Jameson Buck for a bit with a half hour of prep.
Then I started this entry before Sam and Meredith came over and revelaed the news that Sam gave Meredith a ring.
We're currently in the yellow room hanging out while I do this, Sam is gaming, and Meredith is next to me with Twig.
I'm going to hang out with them before their soccer game and enjoy the rest of the night.
