Thu Dec 19 10:24:04 PM EST 2024

I just completed a 30 minute meditation session because I had a "run-in" with dad.
Let me start at the beginning of today.
I woke up after a restless sleep and got relatively late coffee with mom and dad.
We talked about the break-in a little and that they were going shopping for chistmas presents and stuff.
I mentioned to dad either this morning or yesterday that it feels weird to reach out to his contact and refine my job search that he's helping me out with.
So, he agreed to help out and text him.
Basically, I just wanted to expand the scope of available jobs - I don't need anything in the maritime or nuclear field, just engineering.
So, at this point, my parents go off to shop and I do my stretches and meditation.
I read some Komi, have some lunch in-betweeen a walk so that I could feel at one with nature and to digest my food better.
Then, I recieve some messages from Sam and offer to go over.
I email work, take a shower, and head over.
I got a little stressed about the battery issue since the truck almost didn't turn over, so I spent way too much of that car ride in negative emotion, and the traffic didn't help.
Once I got to Sam's, I logged all the times that I drove the truck and that helped calm me down from the situation.
I chat with Sam, go on a grocery store run with him, walk Twig around the apartment.
Most of our time together was discussing my spiritual journey, his Christmas plans, he had a migrane or something strange, and a little bit about Jordan from Hinge retexting me after a week.
I decided to go home since I wanted to play games with people, but I sat down with mom and dad since they said they had Korean Fried Chicken.
Dad was a little drunk so I didn't take a liking to too many of his jokes, but I enjoyed time with him since I mentioned that my living situation and job came up while at Sam's.
We discussed the head-hunter oppurtunity and where I could live, but then texting Paul came up.
At that point, to sum things up simply, Dad recommended that I just ask for a job at BWI in additive manufacturing.
I told him, "sure, but I don't want to ask for that specfically".
He continued that he knew best and this was a way to get my foot in the door and then change later.
I repeated myself.
He repeated himself.
After cursing started I decided to go upstairs.
I overheard him yelling towards mom about how I "don't want a job in additive manufacturing" and how I "don't want to work at BWI".
It took everything out of me to know go to the balcony and yell down at how wrong he was about all of that, but I refrained.
He also said how I always ruin the night "5 minutes in, and Devan ruined the whole night".
He stormed upstairs and broke through the boundary that I set a year ago to tell me how I'm "ruining his marriage" and that he can't wait for me to go back to Maine.
Part of me really wants to take up the fight and go back to Maine as soon as possible - before Christmas - but that would just ruin my time more.
Part of me wants to argue with him more to tell him how he just misheard everything because he doesn't listen, but I know that would get nowhere and he would just throw insults and threats the whole time.
So, instead, I called Collin and Mackenzie and got my venting out.
I meditated and I feel good now.
I don't know how to proceed, but I will remain calm and unaffected.

Gratitude:
I am thankful for my friends.
I had a small moment of normalcy in this weird time of my life and I got to hang out with Sam and Meredith in the middle of my day.

Forgiveness:
I forgive dad for being they way that he is.
I have wants that he'll be a certain way, but that is unrealistic and I shouldn't push or force my will on another being like that.
It's easier and better that I relinquish my control, accept what he deals, and let it go.
He has his reasons, and I acknowledge that.
