Wed Jan  1 09:08:24 PM EST 2025

Yesterday was a little hectic.
I'm still having a little difficulty reflecting on all of it.
It started off with dad telling me that I was taking him to the dealer to buy his new truck, so I got out of bed and ready to do that.
I only found out we were driving to Eldersburg after I got in my truck.
Once we go there I started texting Gpop's neighbor who's son just got a form of ALL I think - So, we'll probably set up a call soon, but nothing concrete as of now.
I also texted Brian to see how he was doing and it was him Mom's first day of chemo.
I'm wishing the best for them.
And finally, Maire texted me that she was in a sort of mood, like depressed mood.
She told me about the reflecting she's been doing since we last saw each other and how she doesn't think people listen to her or respect her (just like I didn't remember how she didn't want to kiss when we saw each other).
I gave my insight into what I thought and some avenues to help her throughout the day, but there was a lot in those texts.
Dad and I also went through the though process of where I'd live (possibly buy Mimi's house) after I came back and we also talked about motorcycles a little.
Finally, the wait was over for Dad's truck - he wasn't pleased since he came prepared and they seemed to be missing some things.
He wanted lunch, so we met at home and Collin and Abby came back from Eldersburg at the same time.
We invited them to lunch, then mom wanted to come, so we waited for her to be done work.
I realized that it was around 3pm at this point and Jenny and Chris invited me to a dinner reservation at 7pm at La Scala in Baltimore, so there wasn't a lot of time between meals and I wanted to rush things along.
So, we changed who was going and then we changed when it was happening, and finally, we changed where we were going since I didn't have time to travel far.
We went to *G&M* and had some of the slowest service ever - another thing for dad to complain about.
I wasn't immune to the complaints either, but he was making a scene of it obviously.
We finally got our food and Sam told me that we had to be at Jenny's early since we were going to walk from their place.
I rushed out of the resturaunt, changed at home, and headed to Sam's.
It was raining so we Ubered instead anyway.
It was really good food.
I had a seafood pasta with caprese and it was delicious - just a little overpriced.
The scallops, clams, mussles, and shrimp were amazing and it was served in a scillet - super cool.
After that we walked back and went to a liquor store on the way.
There was a crazy dude talking about bullet calibers and asking girls to "holla at them" and there were police outside the store and one came inside to watch him.
We saw him again later coming out of another liquor store and he yelled "PUSSY PUSSY PUSSY PUSSY" at Meredith and Jenny.
We got back to the apartment and hung out for the rest of the night.
We talked about a girl on their soccor team that they want to hook me up with and how I didn't know left and right.
But then we went outside to see fireworks for midnight and welcome the new year.
Shortly after, we left and I dropped off Sam and Meredith.
I called the family and Fitz.
Got home, ate some junk food, and went to bed.
Today, we had waffles for breakfast and I got more into the Dhammapuda from yesterday.
I took Collin to the airport for him to return to California.
I finished the second playthrough of Dead Space.
Played some Lethal Company with Sam, Chris, and Fitz.
Had some dinner, and here I am trying to figure out what to do.
I think I'm going to read and meditate to continue my good streak (kinda-streak) and then maybe chill more.
I'm a little anxious for going back to Maine Saturday, so we'll see.
I'm really looking forward to the new year - truly.
This one will be good and full of love.

Gratitude:
I'm thankful that I have good friends who I can spend New Year's Eve with, even if my social battery is drained, it's always fun being around them.
I'm also glad to have family that I can rely on to think of me at times like that even if we aren't together.

Forgiveness:
I forgive the wait-staff from *G&M*.
It was hard to make that time issue work for me but everything worked out in the end, so I'm happy that I didn't get too flustered over it and reacted like I would have in the past.
